# Format is "User	= Rank", where:
# User should be in ckey format which is: lowercase with all spaces and punctuation stripped
# Rank is case-senstive and must be a single word as anything defined in admin_ranks.txt

optimumtact		= Host
mrstonedone		= GameMaster
microscopics	= GameMaster
gunhog			= GameMaster
korphaeron		= GameMaster
razharas		= GameMaster
niknakflak		= GameMaster
rolan7			= GameMaster
quarxink		= GameMaster
adrix89			= GameMaster
tle				= GameMaster
xsi				= GameMaster
scaredofshadows	= GameMaster
neofite			= GameMaster
trubblebass		= GameMaster
mport2004		= GameMaster
deuryn			= GameMaster
agouri			= GameMaster
errorage		= GameMaster
superxpdude		= GameMaster
petethegoat		= GameMaster
nodrak			= GameMaster
carnwennan		= GameMaster
ikarrus			= GameMaster
cheridan		= GameMaster
giacomand		= GameMaster
rockdtben		= GameMaster
sieve			= GameMaster
aranclanos		= GameMaster
intigracy		= GameMaster
dumpdavidson	= GameMaster
kazeespada		= GameMaster
malkevin		= GameMaster
incoming		= GameMaster
demas			= GameMaster
fleure			= GameMaster
ricotez			= GameMaster
misterperson	= GameMaster
crimsonvision	= GameMaster
iamgoofball		= GameMaster
zelacks			= GameMaster
androidsfv		= GameMaster
miggles			= GameMaster
jordie0608		= GameMaster
s0ldi3rkr4s0	= GameMaster
ergovisavi		= GameMaster
vistapowa		= GameMaster
miauw62			= GameMaster
kazeespada		= GameMaster
rumia29			= GameMaster
bobylein		= GameMaster
sirbayer		= GameMaster
hornygranny		= GameMaster
yota			= GameMaster
firecage		= GameMaster
donkieyo		= GameMaster
argoneus		= GameMaster
paprka			= GameMaster
cookingboy3		= GameMaster
limeliz			= GameMaster
steelpoint		= GameMaster
phil235			= GameMaster
corruptcomputer	= GameMaster
xxnoob			= GameMaster
tkdrg			= GameMaster
cuboos			= GameMaster
thunder12345	= GameMaster
wjohnston		= GameMaster
mandurrh		= GameMaster
thurgatar		= GameMaster
xerux			= GameMaster
dannno			= GameMaster
allura			= GameMaster
lo6a4evskiy		= GameMaster
vekter			= GameMaster
ahammer18		= GameMaster
account12		= GameMaster
fayrik			= GameMaster
shadowlight213	= GameMaster
drovidicorv		= GameMaster
dunc			= GameMaster
mmmiracles		= GameMaster
bear1ake		= GameMaster
coreoverload	= GameMaster
jalleo			= GameMaster
anonus tanir	= GameMaster
foxpmccloud		= GameMaster
xhuis			= GameMaster
astralenigma	= GameMaster
tokiko1			= GameMaster
supersayu		= GameMaster
lzimann			= GameMaster